---
title: "Parking spaces control and payment processing system"
draft: false
# portfolio image
image: "images/portfolio/portfolio-5.png"
# page title background image
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/portfolio-page.jpg"
# meta description
description : "Parking spaces control and payment processing system"
# sidebar project details
about_project: "To make the service of managing and paying for parking simple and accessible both to visitors and residents of the city."
weight : 5
---

### The client:

The Government of Moscow, the highest executive body of state authority of Moscow.

### The scope

It was necessary to make the service of managing and paying for parking simple and accessible both to visitors and residents of the city.

The Moscow City Government wanted to solve a complex task:

* Establish order on the streets by removing parked cars from places not intended for parking
* Reduce the amount of vehicles in the city (with the introduction of parking fees, many citizens began to choose alternative options of transportation around the city)
* To earn extra money for the city budget

### The solution

As a solution, we implemented the “Moscow Parking Space” system. Parking control is realized with the help of SMS, USSD, mobile applications and parking machines. All remote control, as well as all SMS notifications generated by the system, were implemented by “Transport gateway” module based on Service Delivery Platform.

On the financial side, the system is integrated with mobile commerce (support of payments from accounts of top Russian mobile operators: MTS, Megafon, Beeline and Tele2), as well as popular payment systems (Qiwi, Svyaznoy, etc, and several banks. Support for all financial transactions between the system and its environment, was implemented with the help of “Payment Gateway” module based on Service Delivery Platform.

In addition, we implemented specialized module “Parking API», designed to simplify the management of parking spaces for different customers.

Currently, the system services and processes:

* 53175 parking spaces
* 2 million incoming messages
* 7 million outbound messages
* 1.5 million payment transactions

Expansion of the system to the new territories is possible in the future, as well as using the system for gated and barrier parking spaces.